Remove dissect tokenizing from Traefik Filebeat Access Fileset (#10442)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Add convert_timezone to nginx module. {issue}9839[9839] {pull}10148[10148]
- Add support for Percona in the `slowlog` fileset of `mysql` module. {issue}6665[6665] {pull}10227[10227]
- Added support for ingesting structured Elasticsearch audit logs {pull}10352[10352]

> - Remove dissect tokenizing from Filebeat Traefik 'access' Fileset. {pull}10442[10442]

Reviewer: This should go under breaking changes.
```suggestion
- Move dissect pattern for traefik.access fileset from Filbeat to Elasticsearch. {pull}10442[10442]
```

Author: Moved with the suggested message :)
